.. _20180430-notes:

2018-04-30: Development meeting
===============================
Kacper, Ian, Bryce, Craig, Mike, Sebastian, Tommy, Damian

Agenda
------
* [New UI](https://newdashboard.dev.wholetale.org) presentation
* [Milestones](https://hackmd.io/--GrWfk0QJmWbeF7j0FiLw)

Updates
-------

* Ian - Worked on the new UI changes & showed them to the team
* Kacper - Will stress test the home directory updates (That Mike made last week)
* Bryce - No update
* Craig - New PR for automatic DNS registration with GoDaddy. Will work on TLS working next
* Mike - documentation for Home/Workspace. Put in bug fixes for the home directories
* Sebastian, Adam, Damian - No update
* Tommy - Created new feature branch for publishing, working on unit tests for first commit.


New UI
* Ian presented UI and Dashboard task list
* Discussion of Tommy getting involved working with new UI
* Ian: Created newui branch, but should move to master
* Kacper will create issues from document items 
