2018-07-02: Development meeting
===============================
Kacper, Craig, Damian, Mihael, Sebastian, Tommy

Agenda
------

* Updates
* MVP
  * static html
  * dev v staging deploy
    * Dev: iframeable images
    * For exec call, will use staging with latest images
    * Last bits are "run tale" and double menu fix
* New feature request 
  * Add a mechanism to add packages to images (requirements.txt, OS packages, etc)
    * KK: This is already a planned feature. Not explicitly stated -- but issues are package diff related. We should make this a bit more detailed.

Updates
-------

* Kacper
  * Attempted to write tests for instance spawning
  * Added a new status for instances, `launching`
  * Showed the dashboard to Matt for some feedback
* Craig
  * Monitoring tale launching running on staging (some errors, still diagnosing). Need to update to support async instance spawning 
  * Preliminary example of postman tests for integration testing
  * Defined stress testing scenarios
  * Continuing work on user documentation, but holding on screen shots
* Damian
  * Fixing the bugs as they come in
  * Restyling other dashboard pages to match other pages
  * Added full scale tale running!
* Mihael
  * Using API key to create share requires subscription (MH: will ask Kyle if that can be circumvented)
* Sebastian
  * KK: iframe property needs to propagate to Instance.
  * Working on showing iframable tales in running tale panel
* Tommy
  * UI testing
  * Created some workflows for tale publishing
  * Attempted to work through said flows
  * Tasked out the work for the publishing modal
  * Finished up saving the recipe repository
