2018-09-17: Development meeting
===============================

Agenda
------
* Updates
* [36-month plan](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/home?lx=VV9csC_cAAubmY1aVS2KnQ)
  *  Review priorities and estimates
  *  Review [brainstorming notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15SJdnKJtBXEgk6Yu02Oz22jUPROlNLfwkyvX-qM48J4/edit)?

Updates
-------
* Craig:
  * Great AHM and workshop last week
  * Priorities
    * Synthesizing AHM/workshop outputs 
    * `docker-compose` development stack
    * UI tests -- I need help with this, Matt J indicated that we should be able to use mocha for model testing at least. I can try to implement the framework, but could use guidance from ND if possible.
  * Other
    *  Can we open the #core-dev channel?
    *  v0.4.1 was a difficult release. We need some guidelines for working on branches/forks, using PRs, what makes a good PR, handling reviews.  
