2018-07-09: Development meeting
===============================
Kacper, Sebastian, Damian, Mihael, Craig, Tommy

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Exec meeting update
  * Discussion of NG oauth/logout feedback -- privacy/security concerns
    * Logout would stop transfers
    * Need list of arguments
* Handling dashboard issues @ GH
    * They are reviewed after each sprint. We shouldn't delete them until ND team give us green light.
* Logging out and clearing storage
* https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/188
* MVP
  * Blocking issues
    * Documentation for registration
    * Migration problem
    * Documentation is incomplete
    * Instance creation status poll

Updates
-------
* Kacper
  * Bugfixes related to updating Tales to a new format
  * Updates to build_image task (using git directly now)
  * Propagate iframe property to Instances
  * Reenable http check (should work for at least jupyter)

* Sebastian
  * Worked on ['Run' tab issue](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/185)
  * Hit a bug in EmberJS while working on #185
  * Working on spinner for launching Tales

* Damian
  * [Responsive fixes](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/184) for UI.

* Mihael
  * Globus transfers are working (!!!)
  * After Kyle's intervention we have a proper full access to  necessary auth API.
  * Tests if user resources are private are still necessary.
  
* Craig
  * Staging deploy (still using latest)
  * Testing/migration troubleshooting 

* Tommy
  * Working on OAuth + DataONE
  * Documented (textually) tale creation
  * UI Testing
