2018-06-18: Development meeting
===============================

Agenda
------

* [Development plan](http://wholetale.readthedocs.io/release/index.html) review
  * Indicated delays for MVP (need 1-2 weeks testing/bugfixes)
  * Need extra time for user documentation
    * Craig, Kacper committed time
    * Tutorial with screenshots is most important
  * Globus integration - may move to v0.5 if needed, re-evaluate next week or so
  * UI re-design sprint (on track; sprint ends 6/22?)
    * Functionally complete
    * Getting some new widgets working as well (e.g., lists, menus to restyle, file browser)
    * Environments edit/delete discussed during UI meeting (not part of MVP). New images can be postponed until v0.7.
* Working Group Workshop in September
  * Big 10 Conference Center, 9/13 - 14
  * Based on v0.5 release, including publishing to DataONE
* v0.4 release (MVP - 6/29/2018 -> 7/15/18)
  * What do we call it (alpha, beta)?
  * No one disagreed with calling it "alpha".
  * Workspaces were disabled in v0.3 and we need to test before determining if supported in MVP
* Documentation review
  * Discussion of whether the UI has any features that will not be part of MVP
* eScience [Workshop on Research Objects](http://www.researchobject.org/ro2018/#call)
* Updates

Updates
-------

  * Kacper - Working on allowing multiple folders for tales. Return a non blocking job for instance creation.
  * Craig - v0.3 deployment to staging with migration (identified/resolved new issues); worked with GoDaddy support (no resolution) on DNS problems; started looking at documentation tasks
  * Damian - Working primarily on the run side of the application (launching tales). Will integrate Kacper's change regarding multiple folders to the UI.
  * Mihael - Working on globus transfer code.
  * Sebastian & Adam - Worked on the mini file browser. Additional work on instantiating tales. Looking at how state is shared between the UI panels.
  * Tommy - Working on saving the repository that the recipe is created from. Reviewing status of development and working on the publishing modal. Also got the `d1_python` libraries working/properly integrated.
