2018-10-29
==========
Kacper, Craig, Damian, Ian, Mike, Tommy
Bryce at RO

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Design review -- Tommy's mockups
    * Which mockup?
        * #3 (Matt J, Kacper, Craig)
    * KK: recommends redirecting to browse page (since you're creating a tale)
        * Progress bar on tale "card" with status
    * CW: Can we have some notification when it's done (i.e., a bell or dot on the upper bar)?
        * KK: Notification watcher implemented by AB, but may on be enabled in current UI.
    * MH: Question about registering before tale creation
        * KK: This is a shortcut for users that are starting from data in an external system
    * DP: We can use the toaster and add toast !? (This is the Notification Stream)
        * KK: Girder has stacked progress bars, or you could watch for a tale
        * MH: Or something like FB icon in the top right, stacked or not, with clear notification when something is done
* Review of decisions from last week:
  * We have consensus on:
    * Copy on launch
    * Moving to repo2Docker
* Review of PI/"Dev"-PI feedback
    * Scope of changes is too broad for 36 months, need to implement incrementally
    * Revise Run > Data panel to be more like Kristina's mockup 
    * Directory structure should match in UI and environment
    * Recommendation on directory structure:
        * Workspace contains data
            * MH: This is a bad idea.
                * Against putting code in the same place as code
                * We already have a root directory that contains everything
        * Cwd is workspace
        * Home is sibling to workspace, but accessible via environment
    * Discussion of Home 
        * Difficult for many users
        * Conflation with $HOME (e.g., ~, .rc files live)
        * WebDav mountable
* How to prioritize work
    * https://freehand.invisionapp.com/freehand/document/zguzjoFcQ
    * IT: Get very broad estimates and attempt to get a plan


Updates
-------
* Craig:
  * OSI working group ([notes](https://github.com/whole-tale/whole-tale/issues/43))
  * Planning
      * UX/UI status reported on PI call
      * Discussed dev staffing at UIUC
      * Dev PI call (Matt T/J, Kyle) on mockups
      * Met with Tommy to discuss "Analyze in WT"
* Damian:
    * Off last week. Still not working in WT
* Kacper:
    * Tested [girder_wholetale#165](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/165) and provided some feedback
    * Implemented DOI -> runing tale endpoint (POST /tale/import), still testing
* Tommy:
    * Created [mockups for Tale import UI candidates](https://wholetale.readthedocs.io/development/mockups/tale-importing/) (mockup 3 is currently considered as the best)
    * Discussed the Tale Serialization format with Matt and Bryce
    * Pointed dev2 at the publishing branches on wholetale
    * Cleaned up publishing commits, testing on local machine before sending PRs in
    * Setting up a MetacatUI instance to test `Launch in Whole Tale` button (for testing-there was a large rebase)
* Mike:
    * Worked on Globus PR, testing.
    * There are some potential bottlenecks related to the fact that we're copying things in db