2018-08-06: Development meeting
===============================
Kacper, Tommy, Damian, Sebastian, Mike, Craig, Ian

Agenda
------
* Updates
* ND team please review dashboard issues with 0.5 milestone to determine what can be completed (i.e., tested and deployed) in time for release on 8/15.
  * ND effort will focus on UX/user feedback tests. When will we have UX tests?
  * Assigning ~20 hours per sprint for the next few weeks, unless hearing otherwise
  * New UI features before 36 month review?
    * Importing tales - no issue (Tommy)
    * Composing new environments (not due until Y4, but need UX) 
  * Candidate issues 
    * [Can't upload large files](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/228)
    * [Multiple issues with Dashboard on Firefox](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/202)
    * [Indicate to user whether their browser is supported](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/214) ?
    * [Deleted instances still show up in Launched Tales tab](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/213) ?
    * [No way to launch an instance from the Tale 'view'](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/211) ?
    * ['Back' button on a Tale view shouldn't allow to leave the dashboard](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/210) ?
* Design documents
* Automated testing
    * Postman + Selenium
* Scheduling (through Feb 2019)
    * UI 1.25 FTE
    * UCSB 1.0 FTE
    * UC 0.5 FTE
    * UT 0.5 FTE?
    * ND 0.25 FTE
* PY3 planning redux (high-level deliverables)
    * DataONE integration
    * DataONE python libraries (need to determine if we'll do it? Apparently not per AHM)
    * Search/storage in Jupyter (Jupyter/Lab widget integration)
        * Backend  - Mike?
        * UI - ?
    * OAI-ORE filesystem (due FY2)
    * Brown Dog integration (due FY2)
    * Deploy SDN (TACC, UCSD, NCSA) (due FY3)
    * iRODS tasks (won't do)
* v0.5
    * Publish to DataONE
    * Tale validation
    * Stress testing
    * UI bug fixes


Updates
-------
* Bryce:
    * Abstract for AGU'18 (Washinghton, DC) Dec

* Damian:
    * Code review for Tommy, planning next sprint.

* Craig:
    * Planning; Workshop agenda; investigation of synergy with Binder/Jupyter projects
    * Stress testing (next up)

* Mike:
    * Researching Globus import.
    * Planning to refactor registration code.

* Sebastian:
    * Looking forward to next ND sprint.

* Tommy:
    * Reworked adding ORCID ID to EML PR
    * Added popups to publishing modal
    * Added support for license picking in the UI
    * Added license images
    * Added the license and science_metadata files to the `Environemnt` section
    * Added support for listening to the event stream (tested with a dev girder branch)
    * Misc styling changes in the modal to reflect the mockup
    * Cleaned up & organized to-do items in the project view & issues list.
    * Issue Order:
        * Upload license file (in progress)
        * Endpoint parameter for prov/metadata (pass in something like ``{'entrypoint': itemID, etc}``). This gets written to `tale.yaml`
        * Add notification updates to backend (halfway done in another branch-UI portion in a pending PR)
        * Save Recipe Github Repo (Refactor code from previous PR)
        * Close ORCID Login popup once user logs in (Once complete-it redirects to the `redirect` route. Need to close the popup from there)
        * Fix `close` button (Call the `closeModal` action in the application route)
        * Set rightsHodler to ORCID in EML (we have the ID-just need to pass it through to the `populate_sys_meta` function)
        * File picker
        * Add publishing menu dropdown to run page
