2018-12-10
==========
Kacper, Adam, Ian, Tommy, Damian, Mike L, Mike H, Craig

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion items
    * v0.5 (revisited)
        * Last week said that "Goal is to deploy by Thursday", so far we've tagged v0.5rc1 (globus and workspaces disabled)
    * Documentation updates
        * [Developer documentation for adding a new provider](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt-design-docs/issues/63)
            * Not a blocker
        * [Developer documentation for "Analyze in WT" feature](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt-design-docs/issues/62)
            * TODO? (not a blocker)
        * [Add documentation describing Dataverse integration](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt-design-docs/issues/61)
            * DONE: https://github.com/whole-tale/wt-design-docs/pull/65
    * Q: is [the recipe](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/blob/master/Dockerfile) for building dashboard still accurate?
        * `npm -g install bower`
        * `npm install`
        * `bower install`
        * `./node_modules/.bin/ember build --environment=production`

Updates
-------
* Kacper:
    * Tagged and tested v0.5rc1
        * Recursive DOI resolution [#188](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/188)
        * Error in lookups are throwing RestException [#190](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/190)
    * Potentially to include in v0.5rc2/v0.5:
        * Handling gzip HTTP requests [#192](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/192)
    * Helped Tommy with local/vm deployment stuff
* Mike H.:
    * Found a deadlock in wt_data_manager if you feed it with a non-existing id
    * Documentation for registration providers
* Craig:
    * Documentation updates
    * IS WG meeting
    * RDA fellows "Whole Tale Primer"
    * Tale format discussions with Tommy
* Tommy:
     * Added `dataone` to the `import` endpoint
        * Need to write test cases for PR & documentation (doing that now)
    * Next testing Kacper's fix for the HTTP file sizes
    * After I'm going to test Damian's dashboard PR
    * Met with Craig about the serialization format
        * So far it looks like we'll have adapters for each publisher, and serialize the information according to each's specific spec.
    * Did some research on obsoleting DataONE packages
        * DataONE has a feature that allows a user to "update" a previous package by "obsoleting" it (the original package exists, but lets the user know that there's a new package available).
    * Made a change to the uuid format for file identifiers during DataONE publishing to match DataONE's format (prepend urn:uuid; need to deploy to dev2)
    * Would like to some time looking at how any enhancements can be made to the DataONE ORE (representing a Tale)
    * Had an intern look over some tales for quality that I had published
    * Bryce is giving a lightning WT talk at AGU
    * Need me to do any testing done on RC for the release?
        * Create a GitHub issue for testing & test.
* Mike L.:
    * Addressed feedback on open PR (merge pending)
    * Now looking into validation within `internal-state` service (e.g. fixing `currentFolderID` when it is invalid)
    * As far as I know, next priority will be adding the "rebuild image" / "restart tale" functionality to the UI
* Adam:
    * Select data modal (needs documentation)
        * Modal will return a list of item/folders
* Damian: 
    * Merged Mike's changes
    * Currently working on the files tab, matching previous behavior
    * No blockers

