.. _20180514-notes:

2018-05-14
==========
Kacper, Ian, Tommy, Sebastian, Adam, Damian

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------
* Ian & ND Team:
    * UI meeting last week:
        * discussed naming
        * Rachel prepared questionnaires for users and received first feedback
        * a lot of questions about how ACLs are handled
        * general feedback was positive
    * catching errors from iframes is not trivial, there's no obvious solution to that
    * TASK: Add info whether image/tale is able to run in an iframe
    * TASK: Figure out if iframe errors can be caught with local deployment.
* Damian: updating EmberJS was frustrating at the beginning , but it's getting better. New version of EmberJS is required to support the new view/widget hierarchy.
* Kacper: Met on Friday with Kyle and Mike to discuss Globus integration. 
* Craig: Implemented TLS support and GoDaddy integration, finalized v0.2 release. Preparing for deployment to stable.
* Mike: Met with Kacper and Kyle on Friday last week, discussed a plan how to integrate proper Globus support.
* Tommy: Completed the UI 3.3 and 3.5 tasks (now in github). Beefed up metadata generation, and will work on UI issue 3.1 next.
