2018-12-03: Development meeting
===============================
Kacper, Craig, Mike H, Mike L, Kyle, Tommy, Adam, Sebastian

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion items
    * v0.5 
        * Dataverse integration (registration + external tools)
        * DataONE PR analyze in WT
        * If possible, improved error handling on UI
        * Scale issues on production
        * Goal of deploying by Thursday
    * Testing
        * Selenium is not the way to go right now
        * Let's create a reasonable manual test plan as part of v0.5 release
        * Put the test cases in RTD
        * Test runs as issue in Github
    * Documentation updates
        * [Developer documentation for adding a new provider](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt-design-docs/issues/63)
            * MH: instead of having providers in WT side, we could have them implement our API.
        * [Developer documentation for "Analyze in WT" feature](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt-design-docs/issues/62)
        * [Add documentation describing Dataverse integration](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt-design-docs/issues/61)
    * Error handling in Ember
        * Two different types of errors
            * Invalid instance ID: https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/323
            * Invalid local storage state: https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/268
        * myController.store.query().catch()
        * internal-state.getCurrentFolderId() and add validation logic -- look up the ID first
        * AB: Don't store IDs in local storage that need to be sent/retrieved
            * ML: Is there a reason we're using local storage for the IDs?
            * MH/AB: Back button support and recents tab


Updates
-------
* Kacper:
    * Finished Dataverse PRs including the ability to manually specify additional nodes and the integration endpoint
    * Troubleshooting Victoria's class issues with WT in production (hitting limits)
* Mike H.:
    * Working on testing/integrating Globus workwith full deployment
* Kyle: 
    * NA
* Craig:
    * OSI WG call https://github.com/whole-tale/whole-tale/issues/50
    * PR review and release planning for v0.5
    * Created new issues for workspace, add/remove data, rebuild
    * Scheduling WG meetings for IS WG, RDA fellows, etc.
    * Workshop material review/planning (what are our "Best practices")
* Tommy:
    * Updated some data-importing user docs
    * See Analyze button here https://search-stage-2.test.dataone.org
    * Hide the paddleboard in the run page (for now)
    * data-import PR was accepted; should I go ahead and match Kacper's girder-wholetale endpoint?
    * Chatted with Craig about the serialization format (meet again tomorrow?)
    * Next Priorities:
        * DataONE import endpoint
        * data-import docs
        * workspace folder-publishing integration 
* Mike L.:
    * Looked over Tommy's Data Import PR (I'm hesitant to call this a "review", given how little I know)
    * Submitted PR for the refactored "View/Edit Tale Metadata" view
    * Submitted a small PR that should preserve query parameter for not-yet-logged-in user after login
    * Next priorities:
        * Local storage issues: https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/268
        * Invalid instance ID issue: https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/323
        * Implement rebuild: https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/309
* Adam/Sebastian:
    * Starting to get into work
