2018-07-30
==========
Kacper, Bryce, Tommy, Damian, Adam, Mike, Craig

Agenda
------
* Updates
* [Issue triage](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uDXpLcohqohiWOChD2iRZeOW8jA8DBf82WjG4Xg1uBU/edit#gid=0)
  * Sharing needs PI review -- sharing tales, share folders?
  * Sharing folders covered by Workspaces, may be in v0.6?
  * Need mockups for adding new environments
* v0.5/v0.6 schedule review
  * Zenhub https://app.zenhub.com/workspace/o/whole-tale/dashboard/
  * Craig to review/update:
      * [dashboard#119](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/119), removed 0.4 milestone but need to discuss
      * [dashboard#121](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/121)
      * [dashboard#186](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/186)
      * [terraform_deployment#34](https://github.com/whole-tale/terraform_deployment/issues/34) - create dashboard issue
  * ND team please review dashboard issues with 0.5 milestone to determine what can be completed (i.e., tested and deployed) in time for release on 8/15.
  * Globus transfers -- ready for testing
    * Register works for MDF only via HTTP, not DOI. Last time it was tested, it seemed to ingest the page (even via DOI). Some DOIs will give a folder of files, some don't.
    * Mike's work has been focused on transfer only, eventually to be used as part of registration
    * Discussion of plugin model to enable ingesting from different repositories/endpoints. 
  * Mike -- next task: Create new issue for getting metadata from MDF index. Given a DOI get data from MDF. girder_wholetale. 
  * When will we have UX tests?
* Automated testing
    * Postman + Selenium
* We still need individual schedules for planning purposes (i.e., what is your availability over next ~3 months for WT project)
  * Craig (50% allocation): travel on 9/13-14 and 9/17-18
  * Kacper (75-50% allocation): travel on 8/15-9/7
  * Notre Dame current sprint 14 has no WT.
      * Planned for other tasks for next sprint. Did planning for sprint 15 last week. May be able to squeeze things in for next sprint.


Updates
-------
* Kacper:
    * Attended PEARC'18 (panel where I was representing WT)
    * Triaged issues identified after last release, prepared workplan for next 3 mo.
    * Fixed issue with ACLs not set properly when Tale's `public` status changes. [whole-tale/girder_wholetale#124](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/124)
    * Plan to work on enabling adding narrartive to Tales [whole-tale/gwvolman#14](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/issues/14) next.
* Craig:
    * Attended PEARC'18, planning work, issue triage
* Damian & Adam:
    * Fixes for some of the issue identified after release (firefox support)
* Tommy:
    * Deployed dev work on http://probable-cattle.nceas.ucsb.edu/
    * Added tale & environment files to the publishing dialog
    * Plan on adding route backed modals next, then getting the publishing girder_wholetale branch ready to merge.
    * Look into using the mini file browser (you can use multiple templates for a single component)
* Mike:
    * Added documentation for globus support  
