2018-11-05: Development meeting
===============================
Kacper, Craig, Damian, Mike L, Bryce, Adam, Kyle, Mike H, Ian

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Priorities:
    * "Analyze in WT"
        * Backend Import / "Ad hoc" tale creation (KK)
        * UI (TT)
        * DataONE dev instance + button (TT)
            * Consider deploying DataONE dev instance (CW/BM)
    * Dataverse integration
        * Implement Dataverse register (KK -- 1 wk)
        * External tools JSON
        * Dataverse dev instance + button (CW)
    * Release (v0.5?)
        * BM: Would need canned data for button to work with DataONE
    * Tale serialization format refactor
    * Workspace support
        * Finalize mockups/define tasks
        * Backend (done - KK)
        * UI (ND -- starting in December)
        * Publish integration (TT)
    * Publish
        * To DataONE (dev instance only for now)
        * To Zenodo (no barrier -- 2 weeks)
    * Release (v0.6)
    * Add/remove data
        * Finalize mockups/define tasks
        * Backend (done -- MH)
        * UI (ND -- starting in December)
    * Custom environment
        * Design 
        * repo2docker integration
        * UI TBD (when to rebuild images, notifications, switching environments)
    * Copy on Launch
        * Finalize mockups
        * Backend 
        * UI refactor
    * Other tasks 
        * Refactor view/edit Tale metadata
        * Compose modal
        * Move "Home" capability to new "Run" page
        * Move environments to browse/environments page
        * Create browse/catalog page
        * Tale validation
        * Saving tales
        * Real tales (Seni, Kyle B)
        * Automated testing
        * Migrate to Kubernetes
* Releases
    * v0.5 tentatively end of November
    * v0.6 Januaryish release


Updates
-------
* Kacper:
    * Introducting Mike Lambert
    * Worked on import tale/create ad-hoc tale
    * Tested Mike H.'s PR, but waiting on additional privileges (Globus+). Would like to merge this ASAP
        * KC: Checkin in
    * Will use the refactored provider model to implement Dataverse register
    * Spent time on UI prioritization
* Mike L.
    * Got dev environment running
    * Ramping up on Ember JS
    * Q. Discrepencies in Ember styling in development and production environments, maybe caused by `legacy` class that is only in production
        * Was able to replicate by passing `production` to Ember serve
        * KK: dev and production WT run Ember production environment
* Ian/Adam/Damian
    * [Reviewed UI tasks](https://hackmd.io/K110Dil9Td6q0MRIuL3gWg). 
    * Damian/Adam provided high-level estimateion for ~5 weeks on workspace and add/remove data support
    * Will likely start work in December with 2 people working over 3 weeks
    * Sprint reviews Monday mornings
* Bryce:
    * Last week at IEEE eScience, talk on DataONE packaging format
    * Everyone is doing WT/Binder like stuff
        * Swan - CERN; Stencila, etc
    * [NextJournal](https://nextjournal.com) -- custom notebook environment (not Jupyter)
    * Going to [AGU](https://fallmeeting.agu.org/2018) (12/10-14, Washington , DC)
    * Tale serialization format:
        * Matt J wants a single-file BagIt/Zip serialization
        * Had a dream if the tale.yaml could be used to materialize things locally, but MJ wanted a relatively-fully-materialized.  BagIt is one way to do this.
        * BagIt allows you to not materialize all of the data (e.g., what if there's a 10TB file)
        * KC: This is a good idea. [BigDataBag](http://bd2k.ini.usc.edu/tools/bdbag/) has a profile over the BagIt format we should consider.
            * RO metadata model may be too heavyweight 
        * RDA has a profile repository
        * KC: How we're linking in data here could be used to augment BagIt fetch model.  Whole Tale could do this, BagIt doesn't currently do it.
        * KK: DataLad does something similar. There are people interested in tapping Git large filesystem in this space (LSST).
    * Will arrange/participate on call to discuss.
* Mike H.
    * Working on design document about Tales and copy and write. 
    * KK: Is next step add/remove files from running sessions?
        * MH: This is done.  Needs to be tested, but otherwise available for UI work.
* Tommy:
    * Created a branch and committed code for handling someone coming from a third party with the intent of registering&launching a tale w/ data.
    * Discussed using RDF to represent the information in the contents of tale.yaml
        * This week I'll be putting a document together of how this would look
    * Along the same lines, we discussed prov (how to store it, how to collect it)
        * We may be able to use the prov model for validating runs-each run creates a 
    * Migrated publishing code to the publishing branches
        * Today I'll be doing more testing and putting some ideas about what to do with the file picker (do we only show files)
    * KK: Q. Why to we need the base_url?
        * The member node doesn't know which coordinating node to talk to. 
    * Check out the PR where data registration was re-factored
* Craig:
    * Development planning
    * RDA fellows
    * Carpentry workshop



