2018-07-23
==========
Kacper, Mike, Ian, Tommy

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Issue triage?
  * See "Issues" tab on MVP release [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uDXpLcohqohiWOChD2iRZeOW8jA8DBf82WjG4Xg1uBU/edit#gid=1102373024)
* Individual schedules for planning purposes (i.e., what is your availability over next ~3 months for WT project)
  * Craig (50% allocation): travel on 9/13-14 and 9/17-18
  * Kacper (75-50% allocation): travel on 8/15-9/7
   
Updates
-------

* Kacper:
    * Presented [WT during SciPy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0UX4bW_4w0).
    * Fixed a couple of bugs for v0.4
        * [copying files within HOME](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt_home_dirs/issues/11)
        * [File obj name was not updated during rename](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt_home_dirs/issues/13)
    * Helped Craig with v0.4 release

* Craig: (at PEARC this week)
  * Built/released v0.4, currently in process of deploying to staging
  * Would like to discuss testing process going forward
    * Need automated testing in UI
    * Need cross-browser testing (defining "Done" as tested on 4 major browsers)
  * Would like to discuss devel process going forward
    * Propose that we standarize on zenhub and have consistent workflow (Close v Done)
  * For planning purposes, need everyone to list schedule over next 2-3 months

* Mike
    * Globus transfer code is commited. Not sure how can reasonably test it using existing CI.
    * Needs docs for using and deployment
    * Change to auth plugin to make it store transfer tokens

* Ian
    * Current sprint is heading towards the end.
    * There's going to be a small amount of FTE allocated towards bugfixes in the next one.

* Tommy
    * Merging
    * Testing/small ui fixes
    * Publishing Dialog
    * Had another meeting with Chris Jones about authentication flow


