.. _20180409-notes:

2018-04-09 Development meeting
==============================

Kacper, Ian, Mike, Sebastian, Adam, Tommy

Updates
-------

Kacper:
  * Helped Logan Ward with creating "unofficial" Tale associated with his upcoming publication.
  * Worked on documenting basics of [creating a WT frontend](https://wholetale.readthedocs.io/architecture/creating_frontend.html).

Ian:
  * Working with the UI team on the re-design. Rachel created a survey for users, we're sending it out to get feedback before taking the next step.
  * Also did some testing with the iFrame as a P.o.C to see how it works before implementing the full feature.

Mike:
  * Tale workspaces are working now. Need some additional tests (related to auth, and password generation)
    * **(action item)** KK: will deploy it to dev env, dev team will run rudimentary tests
    * **(action item)** KK: will ask a couple users for feedback after initial test run by dev team.

Sebastian: 
  * Attended UI team meeting on Wednesday-discussed the landing page for DataONE.

Tommy: 
  * Checked in with the UI team last week. We found that the best option would be to combine some functionality with the current modal with the compose dialog. 
  * Right now I'm working with the ``d1_python`` library - it looks like we can pass files to it to create a package. It also supports uploading the package to a DataONE node with x509 and JWT auth.
  * Performance test for DataONE registration: 90% time is spend in validation procedures. Optimization would be a good subproject for an intern. In the meantime we can run thorough validation only if registration tasks yields any exception.
