2019-03-18: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Craig, Tommy, Mike H, Ian, Adam, Tim, Mike L


Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion
    * What goes into a published Tale? (HTTP files problem)

Updates
-------

* Mike H:
  * Worked on Kubernetes drivers: https://github.com/whole-tale/wt-kubernetes
  * Followed what they did with NFS for WebDav
  * Mount times out
  * Chose CSI over Flexvolume

* Craig:
    * DEPLOYED V0.6!
    * Created real Tales (Kyle's B., Seni, ...)
    * Issued PRs related to repo2docker
    * Looking into Tommy's publish PRs
 
* Kacper:
    * Restructured the way HTTP files are registered [girder_wholetale#266](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/266), which finally removed namespace collisions for HTTP resources [girder_wholetale#193](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issue/193).
    * Fixed Globus import provider:
        * Changes to urls @ publish.globus.org broke registration [girder_wholetale#264](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/264)
        * We weren't storing top-level dataset info for Globus [girder_wholetale#261](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/261)
    * Expanded Import Providers to:
        * get a top-level dataset info for any registered file/folder
        * create a uri for any registered file/folder (Globus only)
    * Reviewed and made some changes to [girder_wholetale#251](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/251) (Tale Manifest)
    * Reviewed [girder_wholetale#252](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/252) (Tale export as zipfile)
    * Started working on the review of repo2docker integration:
        * [gwvolman#43](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/43)
        * [girder_wholetale#211](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/211)
    * Next - implement Tale export as a [BDBag](https://github.com/fair-research/bdbag)

* Tommy:
    * Minor changes to manifest (before kacper's changes)
    * Removed file picker from UI
    * Refactored gwvolman to account for dashboard change
    * Currently: 
        * Writing dev docs for publishing (girder_wholetale)
        * Rebase dashboard & clean up commits
        * Investigate LIGO HTTP missing from published Tale?

* Mike L:
    * PR for build notifications via [EventSource API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events)
        * Consumes Girder's built-in `/notification/stream` endpoint
        * A [polyfill](https://github.com/Yaffle/EventSource) was required for custom headers - polyfill offers rudimentary support for IE10+
        * [Default implementation](https://caniuse.com/#feat=eventsource) has [no support for MS IE/Edge](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventSource#Browser_compatibility)
    * Separate PR for Rebuild/Restart buttons
        * Merge order TBD
    * PR Review
        * Publishing PR review in progress
        * Copy on Launch PR review pending

* Adam/Ian:
    * Met with Craig and Kacper
    * Planning dev activity for Y4 and Y5

* Tim:
    * Using Ansible (on localhost) to configure my working environment for one of my projects (https://github.com/tmcphillips/openrefine-provenance).
    * Bootstrap script retrieved via wget or curl installs minimal requirements for Ansible, installs Ansible via pip in a Python virtual environment, and clones Git repo with Ansible playbooks for further configuration. 
    * Goal is to be able to reproduce my computing environment across multiple computers (including in WSL environment), VMs (via Vagrant on Windows, MacOS, and Linux), and Docker containers while doing the work in the first place.
    * Hope is that I will be able to share the computing environment in the same way via Binder and Whole Tale when the project is complete, and share with the resulting publication.
