2019-01-07: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Ian, Adam, Tommy, Craig, Mike H, Mike L

Development planning
--------------------

Agenda:
* Updates
* Funding:
    * ND has some funding left for bug fixes -- ~40 hours
    * Note impact of shutdown on NSF fund distribution
* Development planning
    * [notes](https://wholetale.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/meetings/2019-01-02.html)
    * Mike H:
        * Potentially "copy on launch", after girderfs fixes.

Updated
-------
* Kacper:
    * Moving fully to session model. 
    * Will lose some capability, but will simplify things (e.g., remove Data dir in user collection).
    * May require changes to session integration in IU

* Adam:
    * Finished the tasks before Christmas break (except see below)
    * Damian should be pushing the last change Jan 7th
    * See comments in https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/339
* Ian:
    *  Notes from feedback from ND review of UI
    *  Confusing to have inconsistent naming (external_data v data)
        *  KK: We agree and we will reconcile this. We're not certain that external_data is the final one for the UI side. Everything you see in the dashboard will be the same in the container. PI team decided that home will be hidden in container and data should be in workspace directory. This will likely require changes to the UI.
    *  Confusing with the different capitalizations inside the container. Consider renaming.
        * https://github.com/whole-tale/whole-tale/issues/57
* Tommy:
    * Put PRs in that can be (code) reviewed-particularly gwvolman and girder_wholetale(easiest). 
        * gwvolman
        * girder_wholetale
        * dashboard
    * I changed the DATAONE_URL ENV var and need to test it in the dashboard and gwvolman.
    * Need to organize the commits in all three repos
    * Halfway done with testing steps in the dashboard PR
    * Have examples of what Tales in Dublin Core and Schema.org look like
        * Would like to send these to Bryce (out today) to see what he thinks
* Craig:
    * Jetstream/IU production issues
    * Planning for the repo2docker integration and rebuild/restart functionality. 
    * Started work on the repo2docker PR for version pinning
    * Will start work on Tale build functionality
* Mike H:
    * Fixed the Globus notifications (stop the emails)
    * Fixed the issue where the admin was unable to delete users' sessions
    * Writing docs on adding new import providers in girder_wholetale
* Mike L:
    * Planning the Tale rebuild functionality with Craig
    * My deploy-dev environment is finally up and running with Cloud9 IDE `^_^`
        * Initial pain point with `npm install`, possibly NodeJS version mismatch or compaibility issues between glibc (Cloud9 / Ubuntu) vs musl (alpine) 
    * Adding simple REST endpoint at `/instance/:id/restart` to trigger the restart
        * Started on a new gwvolman task to re-launch a container when the underlying Tale image is updated / rebuilt
    * Added a `restart_girder` target to the `deploy-dev` Makefile
