2019-02-04: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Ian, Mike H, Craig, Tim, Tommy, Sebastian

Development planning
--------------------

Agenda:
* Updates
* Discussion
    * Q. What are the major user stories of the Whole Tale environment.
        * Provides interactive/active analysis environment (ala JH/Rstudio cloud)
        * Supports "best practices" publishing reproducibible computational researcher
            * Assumptions today: Jupyter or Rstudio environments, but the design is intended to support "any" environment (e.g., Xpra)
            * Publishing the environment (assumed to be a Dockerfile) along with code/data is one path
            * Validation/verification
        * Roundtripping: Publish to a remote repository (DataONE member, Dataverse member) and a researcher can re-launch/re-run that Tale
            * Read the frozen record from DataONE.
                * Caveat: data in WT can be by reference (DOI or URL)
            * Have not addressed the long-term question
        * Remixing:  Researcher could/build on pieces of a Tale across 3 dimensions: environment, data, code
            * Could be seen as "porting"
        * Publish/review/verification:
    * Q. What would you do "we're sorry, this won't work?"
        * If it builds without errors, but doesn't run as expected. It builds but doesn't provide the same results.
        * If we have a "test.sh"
            * Relationship to badges
        * Notebooks: How do I verify that the output is the same?  It's complicated.
            * Assertions
            * Static notebook via nbconvert
            * Flagging the notebook -- when you run this cell, this is what the value should be.
            * Or, best practices -- write important output to disk?
    * Q. Dockerfiles/images/etc
    * Q. Provenance
        * Don't pursue provenance for provenance sake, but do it for WT reproducibility -- i.e., where Docker/etc fail.
        * Give greater longevity to what we're already doing.
            * Run reprozip
                * Don't teach anyone about it, don't necessarily keep the reprozip output
                * Here are all of the versions of software that were running
        * Crystallography example -- submitting a PDB file
            * If there's something that could tell me the software I used.
            * Q. What is the information that a researcher needs to capture to submit their work
                * Make it easier
            * Q. Would a crystallographer use Whole Tale?
                * Hundreds of GB of data, fast
                * Lots of compute, lots of data
        * AJPS:
            * https://ajps.org/ajps-replication-policy/
        * Meeting notes
            * https://docs.google.com/document/d/16ufQdzNDYyDswy4IXmdV_OvraZmDPu2Nkgs2mCOsirk/edit#
        * Mockups
            * http://www.crc.nd.edu/~kfurse/wholetale-css-mock-up-sui_f2018/browse.html
        * Discussion of transparency vs reproducibility

Updates
-------

Kacper:
* Fixed Dataverse registration logic [whole-tale/girder_wholetale#223](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/223)
    * We were querying a Dataverse's service to get a list of all DV installations.
    * Service was suddenly decomissioned [IQSS/dataverse#5497](https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues/5497)
* Fixed File/folder icon display in external data selection, by exposing `_modelType` in `dataSet`
    * [whole-tale/dashboard#371](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/371)
    * [whole-tale/girder_wholetale#221](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/221)
* Fixed Data panel displaying only 50 folders/items [whole-tale/dashboard#370](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/370)
* Participated in Tale Serialization format discussion (w/ Tommy & Craig)
* Outstanding PRs:
    * Handling Workspaces in "Workspace modal" (display Tale title rather than workspace name, which is an ugly uuid):
        * Add 'Workspace' resource [whole-tale/girder_wholetale/#226](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/226)
        * Expose `workspaceId` in Tale model [whole-tale/girder_wholetale/#228](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/228)
    * Allow to filter images by tag [whole-tale/girder_wholetale/#220](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/220) as potential way to promote "blessed" environments.
    * Better error handling in Dashboard [whole-tale/dashboard#373](https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/pull/373)

Mike H.:
  * Fix for https/http issue with webdav.
  * Looking into deploying on GCE
    * Storage drivers are only meant for volume management. Host OS still needs to "know" how to mount special filesystem such as WebDAV, FUSE etc.

Craig:
* Mainly PR review/testing, tail format design meetings
* Tentative schedule for [3rd OSI WG call](https://github.com/whole-tale/whole-tale/issues/61) - 2/20
    * Discussion of Dockerfile as archival format
        * TM: What are the requirements?
            * Is what DataONE/Dataverse thinks people are doing true? Would they have a different opinion.
    * TT: Pull in RO/bdbag for formats
* Scheduling 1st Social Science WG call (2/13 or 2/20)
* Provenance "Task group" (meeting notes)[https://docs.google.com/document/d/16ufQdzNDYyDswy4IXmdV_OvraZmDPu2Nkgs2mCOsirk/edit#heading=h.wsv7z8ay723f]
* Carpentry working workshop at NCSA -- March 7-8
* Peter Darch - personas (waiting for access to materials) 

Mike L.:
* Submitted a PR for various fixes to Run > Files > Tale Workspace
    * Renamed "Select Data..." to "Import Tale Data..."
    * Hid the "Home" selector temporarily on the "Import Tale Data" modal
    * Updated the "Import Tale Data" modal to read from the new `/workspace` endpoint
    * I am working on possibly tweaking this to change "Import Tale Data" modal to list/read workspace contents from the `tale.workspaceId` instead of the `/workspace` endpoint
* Discussed more of the intricacies with "Copy on Launch"
* Next steps:
    * Update Manage > Data to use the `/dataset` endpoint? [#357](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/59ee2631bedf0a4d94326094/issues/whole-tale/dashboard/357)
    * Copy on Launch? (API work)
    * Refactored Catalog View? (UI work)
        * Further planning needed with Kacper/Craig

Tommy:
* Met with Kacper and Craig & discussed serialization format-working on P.o.C for exporting and importing
    * In case anyone is wondering-we're serializing information as JSON-LD in a file, `manifest.json`
    * Have manifest.json 95% done
        * Need to fix a bug where intermediate folders aren't being recorded
            * workspace/folder_a/folder_b/folder_c/myFile.py
                * workspace/folder_c/myFile.py
    * After folder fix, need to add the files to the zip file via `ziputil.ZipGenerator`
    * Note this doesn't include the license file or top level readme
* Would like to discuss best way to handle license files
    * We currently store some number of them in gwvolman
        * Should this be a table in mongo?
            * spdx/unique id
            * common name
* Discuss Publisher endpoint
    * reference a set of licenses (should this be a csv?)
    * name
    * uri
    * description
    * POST (Add), PUT (Update), GET(retrieve)
* Question about dataSet:
    * home data + registered data shows up here-this is desired, right?
        * No - Update branches
    * The set of all Tale files is in dataSet, or a union of other structures?
        * dataSet (only external data) + workspace

Sebastian/Ian:
* No updates
* Sent email to Agnieszka to check remaining available hours

Tim:
* Questions:
    * Is there a project board somewhere showing the issues being worked on right now? 
        * https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/59ee2631bedf0a4d94326094/boards?repos=66147054
    * What is the process for steering, prioritizing, and scheduling work?
        * Broad planning happens at All-Hands meetings (every 6 months, meeting notes in Drive)
        * Translated into Git issues/Epics/dev work based on a series of dev planning meetings
        * Schedule dedicated meetings with PI subset for input if needed
        * Review progress/priority with PI team during Tues exec calls.
    * Is there a plan to enable Tales to be viewable as static HTML without running the underlying container (like static view of Jupyter notebooks in GitHub)?
        * Related-ish (this is where we render the metadata, but the Tale needs to be running to view)? https://github.com/whole-tale/dashboard/issues/349
        * Ala Github integration with the nbviewer.
        * Answer: No, but we can understand how this might be useful in some contexts (Jupyter, Rmarkdown), but without running them (e.g., nbconvert)
        * https://help.github.com/articles/working-with-jupyter-notebook-files-on-github/
        * Q. Is the lifetime of a Tale the lifetime of running the container -- full usability?
    * Is it feasible to support the following user story:  "**As a researcher submitting my work for publication in a journal I want to be able to share my work in runnable form with anonymous reviewers by providing a link to a Tale in my cover letter to the editor.**"
        * Good link that works as long as the review process
        * Yes, it's feasible, but there is some question about anonymity
            * Anonymous access -- can we require them to login so we can track access, even though you won't know who they were.
            * vs providing a token or something similar
        * Q. Is this the right use case? v Odum (non anonymous)