2020-04-13: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tommy, Mike L, Mike H, Tim

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Fate of `Dashboard` repo <pom pom pom pom!>

Updates
-------
* Tommy
    * Had a fairly unproductive week, and was without power for a day
    * Currently talking with the main Metacat developer about which release to put the file hierarchy in
    * Was planning to meet with another dev over some feedback

* Kacper
    * Limited time for WT last week. Mostly focused on testing ngx-dashboard.

* Tim
    * Working on a C3.ai proposal.

* Mike L
    * Started on Recorded Runs / Tale Versioning UI components
        * Looked into third-party slide out panels, but it ended up being easier to make one myself
        * Learned about [Angular animations](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-animation-with-angular-6-675b19bc3496/), working on adapting this example animation for grins

* Mike H
    * Ramping up after leave.
