2020-11-09: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tommy, Mike H, Mike L, Tim, Craig

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Please review the following 2 PRs:
    - Tale Versions panel: https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/55
    - Tale Share tab: https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/16
* Please merge approved `wt_versioning` PRs or provide us adequate permissions to do so ourselves
    * Fix0red (anyone from whole-tale/dev can do that now.)
* Do we need to hold some design meetings regarding missing APIs? e.g. Recorded runs / configurations [name=Mike L]
    - Run Configurations
    - Compare / Restore Version
    - Recorded Runs
    - Git integration?
    - Email / invite workflow for Tale sharing?
        - not implemented :(
* C2metadata BD converter [name=Tommy]
    * I'd like to play with this to see if I can link my work up to the output (taking the output & turning it into provone)
    * Anything finicky/protips?
        * CW: You can only run locally at the moment
            * basic instructions are in the repo
            * Given an input zip file with script, metadata, and json file descripting script, metadata, and datafile name, will produce c2metadata.zip file containing updated xml, sdtl, and codebook html.
* Does the project end in March 2021? Is another extension planned?
    * Planning on end [name=Tommy]
        * Hence beefed up unit testing, dev deployment at [nceas](http://wholetale-dev.nceas.ucsb.edu/) (currently down)

Updates
-------
* Tommy
    * Finished proposing what identifiers in the prov stores should look like. Skip to [page 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q0Mnw4DYMuJvpSBWlvXDzSL46z-QWNu7agY9mh68QCU/edit?usp=sharing)
    * Long email thread and examples with George about how to handle dataframes being keyed by non-unique names in SDTL
    * Currently updating test plan for 1.0/0.10

* Kacper
    * Still reviewing Matlab PRs
    * Dashboard PRs are next in line.

* Craig
    * Finalized MATLAB and Stata PRs
        * Will fix my poor python
    * Returned to [C2metadata BD converter](https://gitlab.com/craig-willis/c2metadata-bd)
        * Working for R, Stata, SPSS, Python (examples), not SAS
        * Waiting for response from NCSA about deployment

* Tim
    * The proposal got in.
        * About a "comprehensible provenance record".
        * Features a user story featuring researchers Helen and Kumar.
    * Back to working on CPR.
    * Talking to Bertram about how to divide up content for talks on ProvONE and WT in the [FAIR Data Provenance](https://conference.codata.org/FAIRconvergence2020/sessions/260/) session at CODATA symposium.

* Mike L
    * Create/Rename Version + Tale Version Info modals
    * Is there anything else I can help out with?
        * I feel like we're missing a lot right now, and am happy to assist on the Python side if it might help?

* Mike H
