2020-08-03: Development Meeting
===============================

Tommy, Mike L

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Upping RStudio version
* Whole Tale minor release on prod

Updates
-------

* Tommy
    * Worked with Tim on some best practices for the naming conventions of the prov document
    * Went through girder_wt and looked for any commits that might be nice to get into production

* Mike L
    * Made a PR for the "Acknowledge All" issue
    * Addressed some minor feedback on Files View PR
