2020-06-22: Development Meeting
===============================

Craig, Mike H, Tommy, Mike L

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------

* Craig:
    * Mathworks/Matlab continued...
        * Requesting permission to distribute images containing Matlab
        * Plan to move ahead with JupyterLab approach. JupyterLab + kernel + Matlab -- needs composability with Stata, R, etc. (ala AEA)
        * Mathworks will release web-base UI in ~September for R2020b+ (we'll still need another approach for < R2020b).
    * PR review -- ever so slowly, sorry.
    * Dataverse Community Meeting -- encapsulation session
        * Not much new here except that Dataverse is officially starting to look at ways to support code/environment, likely via RO-crate.

* Tommy
    * Asked to support the dataone filesystem hierarchy in R
        * Issued a [PR](https://github.com/ropensci/datapack/pull/112) to `datapack`, the repo that handles resource map things
            * Need to test it a little more against dev.nceas
    * Updating the girder_wholetale datone python libraries
        * Deploying girder fails with some internal d1_python error
    * Dashboard testing
        * Only have the logs modal left
    * SDTL meeting
        * Gave an overview of the sdtl-prov topics

* Mike H
    * Thinking about how to integrate other things into versioning
    * Current implementation assumes things are on filesystem and handled by wt home directories. It will be easiest to dump files into the workspace or parent directory


* Mike L
    * PR for Tale popout icon in Run view
        * Also improves start/stop messages on tale-interact
    * PR to fix Tale category and title display on Catalog view
    * Updated PR for View Logs modal
        * Now fetches, sorts, and concatenates all relevant job logs
        * Possible edge case if new jobs are added when you're already viewing the modal - unclear if this is currently handled correctly
        * Interesting edge case: what about tasks that require multiple Events?  e.g. AiWT data registration + Tale startup events: is it ok to separate these logs by Event?
