2020-04-20: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Mike L, Tommy, Craig, Tim

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Priorities v0.10:
    * New dashboard ()
    * Tale sharing
        * Mail notification is potentially additional task for backend.
        * The whole workflow of inviting people is missing.
    * Versioning
    * Git integration
    * (optionally) Dataverse publishing

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Finished with ngx-dashboard testing/filing issues for now
    * Plan to move onto 'versioning' testing as soon as docs are ready

* Tommy
    * Scratched some [notes together](https://hackmd.io/3BSc9DSxTGCz48EF-sf7iw) for WT's Export Format
        * Can discuss at the end if needed
    * Code Reviewed the Metacat Filesystem changes with a DataONE dev
        * Got more feedback from the NCEAS/DataONE Thursday call
        * *Efficiency* was & still is an issue

* Craig
    * Mainly new UI testing and closing out non-WT projects
    * Did I mention I'm going hourly for WT?
    * C2Metadata -- BrownDogization

* Mike L
    * Continuing on Recorded Runs UI
        * Currently working with mocked data
        * List of available fields on the `version` or `run` model(s) might help
            * Are these different? we may need to discuss
    * Trouble with two-way animations, so I've removed them for now
        * Worked for open, but not on close

* Tim
    * Still working on C3.ai proposal.
    * This is why I was laughing in the Friday prov call:
        * http://lemonodor.com/images/evolution-of-language-xml.jpg
