2020-10-19: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tim, Mike H, Mike L, Tommy

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Do we want a [default ORCID](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/412)? [name=Tommy]


Updates
-------
* Tommy
    * Mostly WT work this week
    * Upgraded macos
        * Virtual box is broken now
    * Testing is at the top stack when VB gets fixed
 
* Kacper
    * Submitted XRAS proposal
    * Git integration [PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/430) ready for review
    * Debugged [failing Tales on prod](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/issues/116) a bit
    * Reviews

* Mike L
    * Taking a look at versioning API
    * Wiring WIP Recorded Runs UI branch up to new API
    * Started writing `version` API client - POST now working
        * Discovered a minor bug when `force=false` and nothing has changed
        * Fixed by [Mike H's PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt_versioning/pull/5)
    * Confusion with `/version/exists`

* Mike H
    * [bugfix: Only roll back once if checkpoint fails](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt_versioning/pull/5)

* Craig
    * MATLAB PRs to repo2docker, repo2docker_wholetale, deploy-dev, gwvolman, and new matlab-install directory
    * UIUC now has institutional license

* Tim
    * Still working on grant proposal.
