2020-06-29: Development Meeting
===============================

Craig, Kacper, Tommy, Mike H, Mike L, Tim

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Revisit metadata/data versioning question? Discussed last week w/o Kacper
    * To version, or not to version, that is the question?
    * Manifesting things via fuse may not be ideal since versioning depends on webdav
    * Back to thinking about this as files
    * Kacper
        * Dump during versioning is easy
        * But how do we treat the actual workspace? .wholetale folder there with files dynamically updated every time they change? Can they edit directly?
    * Concensus:
        * Manifest via fuse in .wholetale directory for active workspace
        * Treat as files for versioning
        * This could revise our serialization format
    * MH: What about bagit?
        * Conformance to it would be good? KK: Doesn't really matter as long as we're acting on the workspace.

Updates
-------

* Kacper:
    * PR reviews

* Craig: 
    * Focused mainly on a paper, so little work on WT
    * Minimal PR review
    * Still need to email Mathworks about redistribution permission

* Tommy
    * Out two days last week
    * Created a few SPARQL queries for Reprozip output
        * What are the artifacts that were prov:used (inputs)
        * What are the artifacts that were prov:generatedBy (outputs)
    * Have two instances I'm having issues deleting

* Mike L
    * PR to [display COPY/PRIVATE/PUBLIC in Run view](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/76)
    * PR to [fix download links for involatile data](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/77)
        * Minor issues with downloading text files (e.g. `.json` in LIGO Tale)

* Mike H
    * no updates

* Tim
    * Was out for staycation.
    * Back on SPARQL stuff
