2020-07-06: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Mike L, Tommy, Tim, Mike H

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------

* Tommy
    * Spent Mon-Thurs on C2Metadata
    * Thurs-Friday tracking down DataONE bug that was preventing obsoleting Tales
    * Had to feel good about myself so I did the Tale Description and @context ordering girder_wholetale issues (so low priority I haven't put the time in for the PR)
    * Will look at girder update today

* Kacper
    * Updating base images to get py37+
    * Pull request reviews

* Mike L
    * No new updates from last week
    * Looking into last issues with Select Data modal

* Tim
    * Working on tooling and tests of Blazegraph, loading, extracting data.
    * Will be exercising JSON-LD support.

* Mike H
    * off last week
    * [Meta versioning doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/149nqE6fFv2ZW133IHBT-CWIg1MAC0nXMrtHLzxJDPRE/edit?usp=sharing)
