2020-05-11: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tommy, Mike L, Craig, Mike H

Agenda
------

* Updates

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * reviewed 2 ngx-dashboard PRs
    * still reviewing wt_versioning
        * Notes: https://hackmd.hub.yt/q_99wwGLQj6m5ltygmgk0g
        * I'd like to discuss two things:
            * Why version an instance?
            * Why hardlink current workspace to a version?
    * Got asked to give a talk during Dataverse Community Days'20 

* Tommy
    * Prepared slides for c2metadata call this Thursday
        * https://github.com/ThomasThelen/sdtl-provone/tree/master/overview-slides
        * Getting feedback on it from George and Matt
    * Still having trouble with my local dashboard deployment
        * Will review all PRs when I fix it (I meant to screenshare last week)
        * reviewed the deploy-dev PR
    * Friday's Prov call
        * Overview of DID
        * Summary:
            * Sounds like someone would create a metadata record about a tale (manifest.json) and assign a DID to that record. DID comes with ACL
    * Spent some time working on dashboard unit tests
        * Still couldn't figure it out 

* Mike L
    * PRs for open ngx-dashboard issues
        * Search filter on `tale-catalog`
        * Adjusted rename dialog text
        * Upgraded tslib (a sporadic syntax error prompted this)
    * Merged PR for dropdown icons
        * exchange with Damien about some AoT nuances

* Craig
    * No PRs assigned to me? Well, nevermind.
        * https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/412
    * Trying to get back into C2metadata tasks
        * Contacted Mathworks and Stata for license
    * Drafted Sloan-ish proposal concept

* Mike H
    * 
