2020-12-07: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tommy, Craig, Tim, Mike L, Mike H

Agenda
------
* Updates
* STATA acknowledgement -- [name=Craig]
    * Need to add acknowledgement for STATA support
    * Could probably do XSEDE/Jetstream too, others?
    * Splash/login page
    * Footer (KK proposal):
        * Full footer only on login 
        * Collapse after login but user could possibly show
    * ML: Maybe a better solution, but this doesn't sound terrible.
    * KK: We should shrink the footer
    * CW: What about NSF ack? May have specific requirement.
    * ML: Move report a problem to the navbar and drop the copyright
    * CW: Do we need the footer at all? KK: No, as long as the report a problem goes somewhere else. Version is not relevant. Ack can go on splash.
    * ML: Funding ack is OK.
    * KK: Custom made badges. NSF badge instead of ack. See https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale.
    * KK: Wholetale.org footer
* Jetstream and MATLAB TOS -- [name=Craig]
    * https://github.com/whole-tale/whole-tale/issues/85#issuecomment-731402277
    * General TOS on first login (Globus) 
        * Do we need a lawyer?
    * General TOS as link to docs in footer
        * Dumbest
    * Image-specific terms displayed and acknowledgement stored on user object
        * Most specific

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Polished [git integration PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/430)
    * r2d upstream master merged last week -> updated base environments
    * Virtual res root folders now report mtime/ctime as `updated` and `created` respectively ([gwvolman#121](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/issues/121))
    * Reviews

* Tommy
    * SDTL discussion meetings
    * Work on [design doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BeLh4ttGpAGu2oMk9QnMt09eMAX5GrE1IDKFeoRwS_4/edit?usp=sharing) for c2metadata work flow
    * Reviews

* Craig
    * PR review and testing
    * Rebased [repo2docker PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/repo2docker/pull/3)
    * Fixed tale modification time ([gwvolman#123](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/123), [dashboard#110](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/110), [girder_wholetale#433](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/433))
    * STATA licenses forthcoming (will be weekly actually, need to fix PR)
    * Prepped slides for CODATA presentations
    * Need to add acknowledgement (STATA) and TOS (MATLAB)

* Tim
    * CODATA talk: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1OBpCqmH0oqVKjzu9SzEpT_0zfw3oI3a5
    * Back to working on provenance recording and query.

* Mike L
    * Small PR to [open User Guide in new tab](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/111)
    * Reviewed test plan changes

* Mike H
    * Fixed girderfs/DMS bug in versioning branch 
