2021-08-02: Development Meeting
===============================

Tim, Craig, Mike H

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Discussion of [bag import PR ](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/497)
    * CW: Do we want to keep all the metadata files?
        * MH: Maybe not, or maybe put it in our metadata. 
            * Also we should probably validate the bag
            * DMS should also check the hash of fetch.txt files
* Recorded Run Lite
    * TM: Can we see process IDs

Updates
-------

* Craig
    * PR review/testing
    * Image build troubleshooting (caused by newer Docker version)
    * MATLAB write-up

* Tim
    * Latest CPR releases (prepared for the demo for ProvWeek) includes SPARQL implementations of all the queries previously implemented in XSB/Prolog.
        * Includes the dataflow visualizations.
    * Found that timestamps captured by ReproZip are relative, but not to the Epoch.
        * Considering adjusting by subtracting lowest timestamp in conversion to CPR.
    * Will be adding tests for CPR "roles".
