2021-11-08 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Craig, Mike L, Tim, Mike H

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Fix Stata < 16 build -- [whole-tale/repo2docker_wholetale](https://github.com/whole-tale/repo2docker_wholetale/pull/29)
    * Fix for random R installation failures in r2d -- [whole-tale/repo2docker](https://github.com/whole-tale/repo2docker/pull/5)


* Craig
    * Need to fix reprozip prob
    * Proposal work
    * PR review/etc.

* Tim
    * Moving from prototyping to coding the BPF-based provenance recorder.
    * Combination of Python and C (runs in the eBPF "VM" in the kernel) that will support toggling of probes as needed (e.g. disable the file read/write probes, or just watch if a read or write occurs at all to a particular file descriptor).
    * Will start linking to Geist for generating the triples and putting them in blazegraph.
    * Distributing as a Python package will be nice.

* Mike L
    * 

* Mike H
    * 
