2021-12-13 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Mike L, Mike H, Craig

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Recorded runs [name=Craig]
    * Remains to be done:
        * Run representation in manifest
        * Export/publish
        * Improve CPR reports
        * Event model
    * What am I publishing?
        * KK: Include all runs for a version, unless "publishing from a specific run?"

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Reviews, rebases.
    * Schedule: Potentially out starting next week (12/20), until 1/3/22.
    * No more dev calls this year.

* Craig
    * Proposal hell
    * Jetstream extension
    * Stata license request (expire 12/19)
    * Focusing on PR reviews this week
    * Will revisit recorded run implementation (events)
    * Schedule: Traveling 12/20 - 12/28 (may work some)

* Mike L
    * Addressing last bits of feedback on open PRs
        * Recorded Runs
            * Already fixed bad modal title (copypasta)
            * Need to look into issue with dropdown menu
        * BDBag imports
            * Need to hide dropdown option for now, as future is uncertain
    * Should not affect my WT allocation, but am starting on a new project called ClassTranscribe for the next 6 months

* Mike H
    * Fixes to Deriva PR
