2021-02-01: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tim, Craig, Tommy, Mike L, 

Agenda
------
* Updates
* [Proposed](https://hackmd.io/peT94qXvSL6HB-6c1H9vXw?view) way for encoding version info in manifest  [name=Tommy]

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * workspace/version/runs folders are now handled in appropriate plugins via events
    * still working on clean path towards restoring from versions (a lot of refactoring)

* Tommy
    * Took another look at the test plan
        * Have updates for the current versioning behavior, waiting for current PRs to merge before issuing a PR
    * Reviewed assigned dashboard PRs
    * Gathered slack discussion around versions into linked hack pad in agenda
    * Added 'Export' option to version dropdown menu (not hooked up to API)

* Craig
    * PR Review/testing
    * Looking at notification implementation for https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/issues/121

* Tim
    * Would like to demo WholeTale at workshop at Provenance Week:
        * https://iitdbgroup.github.io/ProvenanceWeek2021/t7.html
        * Jul 19-22 2021

* Mike L
    * Reviewed open PRs
    * Made various small PRs
