2021-12-06 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Mike H, Mike L

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Finalized image caching - [whole-tale/gwvolman#158](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/158)
    * Updated .test with Mike's work (showcase for DERIVA integration)
    * Reviews

* Craig & Tim
    * Wrote some things ;-)

* Mike H


* Mike L
    * Mostly focused on Workbench CDDR project wrapup / release
    * Waiting to hear anymore feedback on Recorded Runs
        * AFAIK all previous feedback/issues have been addressed, but needs final sign-off
