2021-05-03: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tim, Craig, Mike L, Mike H

Agenda
------

* Updates

Updates
-------

* Kacper
  * Various fixes to bugs found during stage testing (mostly done by Mike L and Craig)
    * Properly update Tale's icon field whenever user switches base Image - [girder_wholetale#474](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/474)
    * Trigger rebuild for Tale when Image changes, even if workspace stays the same:
      * [girder_wholetale#472](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/472)
      * [gwvolman#142](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/142)
    * Add basic output for create_volume/launch_container tasks so that job
      logs are not empty - [gwvolman#141](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/141)
    * Updates to MDF (globus) provider due to backward incompatible changes
      upstream - [girder_wholetale#467](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/467)
    * Properly filter Job object returned by POST /dataset - [girder_wholetale#468](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/468)
    * Exported Tales now contain proper license - [girder_wholetale#470](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/470)
  * Reviews:
    * Mike H's WtDMSFS fix - [girderfs#25](https://github.com/whole-tale/girderfs/pull/25)

* Craig
    * Mathworks communication and feedback
    * PR Review 
    * Working through Mike's feedback, plan to handle:
        * Missing vocab domain
            * [Terraform fixes](https://github.com/whole-tale/terraform_deployment/pull/50)
        * Forward auth
        * Export/run local
        * Test plan updates
        * Missing test cases

* Mike L
    * Release testing on staging
        * [Results here](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt-design-docs/issues/152)
    * Giving two presentations at the end of this week, so I will be focusing on that

* Tim
    * Will be sharing some of what we've "done" with Blazegraph, SPARQL, etc with iSchool folks tomorrow in a Conceptual Foundations Group seminar.

* Mike H
  * Fix various dms fs issues - [girderfs#25](https://github.com/whole-tale/girderfs/pull/25)
