2021-11-01 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Craig, Mike L, Tim, Mike H

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Add support for `AccessLevel.ADMIN` in the dashboard -- [whole-tale/ngx-dashboard#231](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/231)
        * Only owner should be able to delete version/run -- [whole-tale/wt_versioning#36](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt_versioning/pull/36)
    * Restrict umask on webdav mounts (mostly for ssh in Home) -- [whole-tale/girderfs#30](https://github.com/whole-tale/girderfs/pull/30)

* Craig
    * PR review/testing
    * Proposal work
    * VW supplement 
    * Open PRs
        * https://github.com/whole-tale/wt_versioning/pull/35
        * https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/156

* Mike L
    * PR feedback on Recorded Runs
        * Was unable to reproduce "Back button" issue
            * Craig clarified that this is the File Browser back button (e.g. navigateUp)
        * 461 error should now popup a modal
        * 
    * Reviewed Kacper's PRs
    * Will review Cragi's PRs next

* Tim
    * Locales crossed with Unicode sounds like a mess.
    * 

* Mike H
