2021-09-20: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Mike L, Mike H, Craig, Tim

Agenda
------
* Updates
* 

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Continuing to work on [Tale Data Dirs](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/502)
        * Manifest is almost finished
        * Exporting is next
        * Then versioning
    * Mocked out simple [CORE2 <-> WT integration](https://github.com/whole-tale/corere-mock)
    * Played with seemless [auth flow for CORE2+WT](
https://github.com/OdumInstitute/dataverse-corere/compare/master...Xarthisius:girdertoken_poc?expand=1)
    * meetings...
    
* Craig
    * VW supplement meetings + prep
    * STATA environment testing

* Tim
    * Still learning BPF and bpftrace.
        * Now obvious how to limit scope to a particular process tree.
        * Oddities in the mode and flags for file opens.
        * Will be building latest version--ideally to nearly-static executable.

* Mike L
    * Added STATUS column to list of Recorded Runs
    * Updated version/run read-only behavior - only writable at the top-level, use correct endpoints for DELETE

* Mike H
    * planning and design
