2021-02-08: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tommy, Mike H, Mike L, Tim, Craig

Agenda
------
* Updates
* manifest discussion


Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * continued work on refactoring manifest handling (mostly to make versioning easier)
    * started working on publish + versions

* Tommy
    * Out last Friday, expecting to be out this Thursday
    * manifest _stuff_/discussion/validation

* Tim
    * Will be spending this week on C2Metadata with an eye to finishing first iteration of CPR after that.


* Craig
    * Testing, reviews, manifest schema discussions
    * [Notifications for shared events](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/445)
    * KK:
        * Are we planning to include this as part of the release?

* Mike L
    * Need to take a look at Craig's proposed SSE changes
        * Send some examples of polling in the API
    * Waiting on API changes to re-test version name race condition

* Mike H
    * started on Deriva
