2021-06-14: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tim, Craig, Mike H., Mike L

Agenda
------

* Updates

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * out half of the week
    * started working on reproducible runs:
        * refactoring of girderfs in preparation for more significant work (girderfs#26)
        * exposed run/workspace via webdav (3 PRs)

* Tim
    * Migrating XSB-based examples of CPR to Blazegraph/SPARQL.
    * Enough is there to be an example for a Docker image for trace-extraction and reporting post-processing of a recorded run.
    * Will be implementing the reports and fleshing out the core CPR and WT provenance vocabularies to support the queries and reports clearly.

* Craig
    * Working on gwvolman recorded_run job

* Mike H

* Mike L
    * [PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/206) for stretchy behavior in the files browser (Chrome 91+)
    * [WIP PR](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/205) for design of the "Run Configurations" modal
        * Create/Delete/Edit within the modal
        * Discuss design - will this fit what we're planning for the API?
