2021-08-30: Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Tim, Craig, Mike L, Mike H,

Agenda
------
* Updates
* New issues triage!
* ~~Radiant questions?~~ ([name=Mike L])

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * PoC for tracing fs: https://github.com/whole-tale/tracingfs.git
    * PR Reviews

* Craig
    * PR Reviews
    * MATLAB plugin upgrade
    * Trying to develop training materials for VW supplement
    * Demod Brown Dog converter to UMich team

* Tim
    * Mapping flow of data between Jupyter and external processes it starts is going to need more than ReproZip.
    * 

* Mike H

* Mike L 
    * Wired up /start endpoint in Recorded Runs PR
        * Next up: show recorded runs / versions under Run > Files
    * Discussed Radiant allocation with Rob
        * XSEDE-esque sign-up form should get us what we need
        * Regular allocations should already be available (Aug **2020**)
        * Trials may have more features (regular allocation seemed to be missing some checkboxes on the form)
        * Some oddities with requestable features - e.g. "Flash storage" has a checkbox indicating it is optional, but there's no alternative to create OS volume without it
