2021-04-26: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tim, Craig, Mike L

Agenda
------

* Updates

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Exploratory work related to WT-2.0 supplement:
        * DV metadata harvesting during AiWT: [whole-tale/girder_wholetale#464](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/464)
        * Authenticated requests:
            * Registration / import: [whole-tale/girder_wholetale#465](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/465)
            * Data transfers: [whole-tale/girder_wt_data_manager#47](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wt_data_manager/pull/47)
    * PR reviews (dashboard, docs)
    * TODO:
        * figure out what's invalidating cache in r2d
        * timeout for pulling images.
        * Why empty data/ is giving i/o error

* Craig
    * Proposal work
    * Staging testing
    * Something minor
        * https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/issues/168
    * Pre-building images

* Tim
    * Foot in the door for demoing provenance stuff at Provenance Week.
    * Need to get a good set of demos running that illustrate various features/issues.
    * No SDTL demo paper

* Mike L
