2021-04-05: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Mike H, Tim, Mike L

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------

* Kacper

* Tim
    * Working on CPR, still need to work on demo for Provenance Week.

* Mike L
    * PR for temporary limit fix
    * Working on field names / order now
    * Watch for performance issues on stage / prod
        * Lots of performance tweaks in the past few weeks

* Mike H

* Craig
    * release testing and PR review this week
    * documentation
