2021-07-12: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Mike L, Craig, Mike H

Agenda
------

* Updates
* DERIVA integration/BDBag import [name=Craig]
    * MH: Goal is to implement what's in the proposal
        * Register data from DERIVA
        * Publish/export to DERIVA
        * Bag is the most reasonable, also useful for others
* Recorded run alternatives [name=Craig]

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Fixed minor inconsistency in RunStatus (wt_versioning#31)
    * Reviews

* Mike L
    * Migration to angular9 (and upcoming migration to ang12)
    * PR to fix the post-migration blank page error
        * Default LogLevel is now `Error` (need to revisit the numerical order once things are stable)
        * Circular dependency after refactoring
            * only seems to happen with `--prod`
        * Change `env.js` to `env.json`, read via HTTP(S) instead of `<script>` tags

* Craig
    * Recorded run draft
    * PR reviews
    * Upcoming
        * C2Metadata wrap up...
        * Webpage updates
        * MATLAB support announcement

* Mike H
