2021-10-11 Development Meeting
===============================
Kacper, Craig, Mike H, Mike L, Tim

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Remote bags -- possible implementations
    * Deriva will deposit their data/metadata as bags in S3 (or S3-like buckets)
    * Deposits will have uuids that could be translated to particular urls
    * How do we treat that?
        * MH: depositing to s3 may be asynchronous
        * Options:
            1. Fetch the zip, unpack, upload raw bytes to tale DataDir
            2. Register zip url, cache in DMS, register files as arcp://<zip_id>/path_inside_zip
            3. arcp://<deriva|s3|uuid>/path_inside_zip, cache individual files in dms that were accessed via range request


Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Fixed missing instances for Tales with just WRITE acl (reported by both Matt D and Craig) - [whole-tale/ngx-dashboard#228](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/228)
    * Allow user to decrease their ACL on a Tale - [whole-tale/girder_wholetale#504](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/504)
    * Run into the issue when removing a Tale, while being admin but not a creator - [whole-tale/wt_versioning#33](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt_versioning/pull/33)
    * Meeting with DERIVA folks

* Mike L
    * No updates this week.

* Tim
    * Recording of processes with bpftrace now fully under control.
        * Lots of stuff to filter out to make the info manageable.
        * Surprised by number of failed execs made by nbconvert.
        * Pretty horrified by the effect of using LD_LIBRARY_PATH.
    * Now focusing on I/O.
        * A bit more manageable now with focus on relevant I/O.

* Craig
    * VW supplement support
    * PR testing and review
    * New related to [instance access after unshare/delete](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/issues/505)

* Mike H
