2021-01-25: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tommy, Craig, Mike L, Mike H, Tim

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Restore from Version - API endpoint name suggestions? -- [name=Kacper]
    * I think it should return a new/modified Tale, so:
        * PUT /tale/:id/restore?versionId=... ?
        * (current) POST /version/:id/restore
            * returns Tale, but could return version. Version already exists so POST is prolly wrong verb...
* Behavior for "forced" versioning: -- [name=Kacper]
    * When it should happen?
        * Right before publishing
            * Before new version is created we check `lastVersion` (by creation date). If it's the same as current workspace we don't perform snapshot.
        * Right before restoring from previous version
            * Should we keep track of versionId that was restored and check that instead of `last`? Example situation: I restore past version and click publish.
        * ... anything else?

* Identifying what's left for the release: -- [name=Kacper]
    * Version restore (will require minor UI tweaks after backend is ready)
    * Extensive tests for new dashboard
    * Extensive tests for sharing+versions
    * Publishing/export modifications related to versions
        * Tommy: Will work on exporting today
    * Documentation updates

* Recap Friday meeting
    * Always exporting/publishing version
        * Create new version if one doesn't exist
        * Use current version if it does exist
        * https://ibb.co/G3WBCWM
        * (Tommy's idea - no restore) https://recordit.co/hGntvZ7nII
            * User clicks Export from the version context, opens the dropdown & selects the version in the dropdown

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Reviews
        * All Matlab/Stata PRs (thank you Craig!)
        * Various dashboard fixes (thanks Mike L!)
    * Fixes:
        * [Allow to configure host license path. Fixes #125](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/126) (merged)
        * Upstream bug related to sorting in `.findOne()` [girder/girder#3323](https://github.com/girder/girder/pull/3324) (merged)
        * Bugfixes in girderfs (#21) (merged)
        * Proper manifest for subfolders [girder_wholetale#440](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/440) (merged)
        * Notification panel fix [ngx-dashboard#129](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/129) (needs review)
        * Clean up in deploy-dev [deploy-dev#43](https://github.com/whole-tale/deploy-dev/pull/43) (needs review)
    * Versioning updates
        * [Respect ACLs for versions and runs](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/434) i.e. sharing should work with versions now.
        * On a way towards restoring Tales from a Version:
            * [Refactor manifest-to-tale parsing](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/437) (merged)
            * Store girder uuids of dataSet items in the manifest [girder_wholetale#441](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/441) (needs review)
            * Initial work ready for comments [wt_versioning#15](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt_versioning/pull/15) (needs review)
    * Some discussion about RepRun and Publishing with Tommy and Craig 

* Craig
    * Traefik CSP handling
        * [Remove CSP handling for iframes](https://github.com/whole-tale/repo2docker_wholetale/pull/17)
        * [https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/127](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/127)
    * PR review/testing (versioning, UI)
    * More recorded run issues
        * [Draft tracking issue](https://github.com/whole-tale/whole-tale/issues/88)
    * Issue cleanup

* Tommy
    * More RR planning/discussion
    * Hooked dashboard up with runs API
        * Mostly seeing what might be missing from mockups
            * Propose a dialog opens when user clicks Reproducible Run button to name it
        * Also to see intersection with exporting
    * Export dialog for versions/runs

* Tim
    * Query that produces a variable-level dataflow diagram from SDTL RDF now works.  Way more complex than what we'll need for WT generally.
    * Will be adapating CPR to WT requirements this week.

* Mike L
    * Fixed all the build warnings!
    * Styling for versioning panel

* Mike H
    * no updates
