2021-04-12: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Mike H, Tim, Mike L

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Fixed paging for vfolder/vitems ([whole-tale/virtual_resources#11](https://github.com/whole-tale/virtual_resources/pull/11))
    * [Display items in the run context menu depending on ACLs](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/160)
    * Move to dialog now uses GET /tale for workspace handling (hijacked [whole-tale/ngx-dashboard#156](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/156))
    * Reviews & testing

* Mike L

* Tim
    * Provenance Week demos now due April 23.
        * https://iitdbgroup.github.io/ProvenanceWeek2021/
        * http://t7-workshop.online/
    * Working on CPR, focusing on vocabulary this week.

* Mike H

* Craig
    * I redeployed stage on Fri and have been troubleshooting matlab. 
        * IU doesn't usually do B releases, so the web desktop won't work until they update their license server.
        * They will update this week
