2021-06-21: Development Meeting
===============================

Kacper, Tim, Craig, Mike H, Mike L.

Agenda
------

* Updates
* Reproducible Runs directory structure -- [name=Craig]
    * Current assumptions (as per wt_versioning):
        * Structure is:
          * @version -> ../Versions/"version" (link handled manually by FS)
          * @data -> version/data (link handled manualy by FS)
          * @workspace -> version/workspace (same)
          * results
          * .status
          * .stdout (created using stream() above)
          * .stderr (-''-)
    * Current implementation:
        * just workspace -> /
        * .wt inside workspace for stdout/err and everything that cpr generates
    * When do we access/look at run structure:
        * during the run
        * during the export
        * in the UI
        * in a live container with a Tale (wt_runs -> /runs) 


Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Removing workspace upon Tale delete via events
    * DV breakage:
        * urllib requests return 403 (requests work and give 200 for the same url)
        * search?q=entityId currently broken @ dv.harvard.edu
    * working on updating /run API. 
    * PR review

* Tim
    * Learned I misunderstood limitations of static binaries that depend on (g)libc.
        * Even Docker, etc are linked dynamically to glibc.
    * Working on reliable, static-as-they-can-be binaries for cpr, blaze, and geist.
    * Will be working on refining the WT and CPR vocabularies and reports.
    * Craig suggested a timestamp-ordered listing of events as one report.
    * Need to investigate traversing directory structures that span (symbolic?) links when determining file roles.
        * CircleCI job should test filesystem mounts, directory structures and compatibility of CPR.

* Craig
    * Recorded Run gwvolman task

* Mike H
    * On vacation last week

* Mike L
    * Busy prepping for presentations
