2022-08-15 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Craig, Tim, Sara

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Tale Dirs showcase

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Continuing work on Tale Data Dirs (all things should work now!)
        * TODO:
            * tests (and 'how to test?' :P)
            * backward compatiblity
            * raw data import/export (likely a separate PR)

* Craig
    * Working on publicly accessible registry
    * Copied MRAN/ubuntu after outage

* Tim
    * Paper "outline" for George was sufficient for now.
    * Illustrates how the pieces of the WT provenance recording and reasoning will work.
    * Back to working on provenance queries and reports.

* Sara
