2022-01-31 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Craig, Mike L, Tim

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Directory structure mappings?


Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * importing bags with runs (https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/517)
    * Reviewed RR updates, dashboard fixes.
    * "Read" annual report

* Craig
    * Annual report revisions
    * PR reviews (RR Import, Dashboard)

* Tim
    * Refactoring various repos to eliminate redundancy.

* Mike L
    * https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/242
    * https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/243
