2021-03-14 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Mike, Craig, Sara, Tim


Agenda
------
* Updates
* WebDAV discussion

Updates
-------

* Kacper
    * Released v1.1 \o/
    * Working on "faster" home/workspace mounts

* Craig
    * v1.1rc2 testing
    * Documentation 
    * Troubleshooting Lars' issue

* Mike

* Sara
    * PR for AiWT url decode problem
    * PR for fixing context menu after rename/upload
    * PR for wonky file-browser behavior

* Tim
    * Still obsessed with REPROs.
    * Cleaning up dependencies between projects in different repos.
