2022-08-01 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Craig, Sara, Tim

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * I was on vacation.

* Craig
    * Mostly out
    * Will be out later this week/next Monday
    * Reviewed the Public access PR
   
* Tim
    * Working on demo and paper wrapping up C2Metadata.
        * Exercises most of the code and approaches we need for the WT provenance recording, querying, and reporting system on the back end.
        * Demonstrates provenance queries leveraging multiple vocabularies and models, much as we will do in WT.
    * Finished logging framework for REPROs and added a capability for automating multiple runs of the REPRO. 
        * Will make our provenance framework transparent and trustworthy itself.

* Sara
    * Out 8/3 - 8/12
