2021-04-11 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Mike, Sara, Tim, Craig

Agenda
------
* Updates
* No call next week (04/18/22)


Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Updated .prod to use nfs mounts
        * That included fixing .prod that was in bad state due to a) nodes running out of space for /var/lib/docker b) one of the nodes autoupdating docker to a different version
    * Embarked on journey to find a decent monitoring solution
        * Current contender is: Grafana + Loki + Promtail
    * Started working on some basic accessibility improvements:
        * poked Globus (via Kyle) to fix their "institution dropdown"
        * "fixed" login page -- [whole-tale/ngx-dashboard#270](https://github.com/whole-tale/ngx-dashboard/pull/270) 
        * Adding VS code as an optional IDE to existing Jupyter-based r2d images -- wip...

* Tim
    * Working on getting the SKOPE data processing containers working as REPROs, modularized, etc, and working with the provenance recording tools.
    * Had forgotten about all the implicit dependencies between various geospatial computing packages.

* Sara
    * PR for folder uploads

* Mike
    * Trying to set up meeting with USC

* Craig
    * Accessibility proposal/LOI
    * Need to work on CSDMS tutorial
    * Family in town + kids' spring break 4/13 - 4/22
