2022-06-13 Development Meeting
==============================
Craig, Kacper, Mike, Tim, Sara

Agenda
------
* Updates
* How far to go with a simple form? -- [name=Kacper]
    * https://wholetale.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ainwt.html


Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Started incremental work towards data dirs, rough plan:
        * Annotate registered data with all things we need to easy import/export regardless of where it's located in girder -- [girder_wholetale#542](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/542)
        * Use new annotations in import/export (on going)
        * Create dataDirs same way we do for workspaces
        * Move registration to dataDirs
    * Helped with a reproduction of a paper for i4r

* Craig
    * Jetstream Extension ... now onto Jetstream2!
    * I4R reproducibility problem
    * PR review (public tales)
    * CSSI IRB follow-up

* Tim
    * Back to finishing up REPRO release
        * For early versions of the SKOPE components of TRACE.
        * Will represent and allow others to repeat eBPF experiments supporting next iteration of the TRACER proposal.

* Sara

* Mike
