2021-03-28 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Mike, Craig, Sara, Tim

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Upload folders:
    * Needs review, [see slack exchange]( https://wholetale.slack.com/archives/G3QBV6QDC/p1644272438321289)

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Nothing to report really.

* Sara
    * Updated PR for file contents fix
        * forkJoin is annoying, and apparently needs manual unsub (even tho rxjs docs say otherwise)
    * Upcoming talks about uploading folders
        * See https://github.com/bodom0015/multi-upload-poc

* Craig
    * Out last week
    * Accessibility sub-project

* Tim
    * Continuing work on provenance using REPROs as a vehicle for now.
    * Will be targeting eScience for a publication--all are invited.

* Mike
