2021-03-21 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Mike, Craig, Tim


Agenda
------
* Updates
* MRAN discussion
    * https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/779145/mran-time-machine-for-r-open-333-is-down.html
    * https://github.com/microsoft/microsoft-r-open/issues/133
    * https://cran.r-project.org/mirmon_report.html
* 


Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * "Fixed" 500 in Globus+ORCID auth flow -- [girder_wholetale#535](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/535)
    * Switch to bind mounts for home/workspace -- [gwvolman#172](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/172)
    * Looking into converting Matlab/Stata into "drop-ins"


* Craig
    * v1.1 deployment
    * PR review/testing
    * Troubleshooting Lars' tale/WebDav
    * MRAN woes
    * Documentation
    * Mostly out this week

* Tim
    * Finding that REPROs are a good way to introduce transparency (and provenance) into Docker image building.
    * 

* Mike
