2021-04-25 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Sara, Tim, Craig, Mike

Agenda
------
* Updates
* CSDMS
    * Discussion of `extra_build_files` required for example tales.
    * Possibly add ability to edit tale

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * nothing to report. OO"O" entire week.
    * Week prior:
        * Updated [whole-tale/girder_wholetale#536](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/536) to include "shallow" copy. (see [comment](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt_versioning/pull/43#issuecomment-1099309535))
        * Fixed non-globus login -- [whole-tale/girder_wholetale#537](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/537)
    * will review outstanding PRs (mainly dashboard)

* Craig
    * Mostly out last week
    * PR review
    * Sloan LOI
    * CSDMS tutorial + doc updates

* Sara
    * Approved accessibility PR from @xarthisius
    * 2 PRs for Files view are ready to merge
        * Fixed bug reported by Craig - thank you, I had accidentally removed the handling for this edge case!
        * Fixed scoping bug
        * Files now upload one at a time, to prevent UI/API from being overwhelmed
        * Next up: I'll try and make an upload queue display while files are uploading (possibly with a warning to avoid refreshing the page)

* Tim
    * Racing to take advantage of the DOE FOA Kacper found last week.
    * We have permission from campus to be one of the two pre-application submitters.
    * Talking to Kyle Chard about collaborating on this.

* Mike
    * no updates
