2021-04-04 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Mike, Craig, Tim, Sara

Agenda
------
* Updates
* Bugfix release:
    * getting nfs mounts to .prod?
        * LET'S DO THIS! -- Leeroy Jenkins


Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Autocreate directories for file uploads to virtual resources -- [virtual_resources#20](https://github.com/whole-tale/virtual_resources/pull/20)
    * Separate internal API from REST API in wt_versioning -- [wt_versioning#42](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt_versioning/pull/42)
    * Allow to restore to a specific version during copying -- [wt_versioning#43](https://github.com/whole-tale/wt_versioning/pull/43) (just four lines of code! after refactor...)
        * Minor update to the copy job (pass versionId) -- [girder_wholetale#536](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/536)
    * Switch rruns to NFS mounts -- [gwvolman#175](https://github.com/whole-tale/gwvolman/pull/175)
        * deployed to .stage

* Craig
    * PR review/testing
    * Accessibility/universal design proposal

* Mike
    * no updates

* Sara
    * Working on folder upload PR

* Tim
    * Not much new to report. Nearing a first REPROS release.
    * Wondering if accessibility proposal is an opportunity to introduce a conversational interface into Whole Tale.
        * Actual requirements for provenance graphs can be satisfied by answering questions posed by the user.
        * A simple query (naturalish) language for reproducibility and provenance?
