2022-02-14 Development Meeting
==============================
Kacper, Craig, Mike, Sara, Tim

Agenda
------
* Updates

Updates
-------
* Kacper
    * Final pushes and merges:
        * Authenticated requests for DMS (after ~1yr!)
            * https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/465
            * https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wt_data_manager/pull/47
        * Mike's initial DERIVA support (rebases, minor fixes)
            * https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/510
    * Create valid BDBags with external data -- [girder_wholetale#518](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/518)
    * Allow to specify a subset of dataset during import via path -- [girder_wholetale#520](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/520)
    * Return EPERM for resources that DMS failed to fetch with 401 or 403 -- [girderfs#31](https://github.com/whole-tale/girderfs/pull/31)
    * Updates and enhancements to DERIVA provider -- [girder_wholetale#519](https://github.com/whole-tale/girder_wholetale/pull/519)

* Craig
    * PR reviews/testing
    * Documentation
        * run-local Globus

* Tim
    * Close to having working a very lightweight module management system for Geist and other simple-text based systems.  Will greatly speed up development and ease management of provenance capabilities.
    * Checking latest sample of output from SDTH variant of SDTL for compatibility with ProvONE model. The last sample was close to what we need, provided feedback on Thursday.

* Sara L
    * Now going by preferred name: Sara
    * Addressed feedback in open PRs
    * Pushed dropzone POC to github: https://github.com/bodom0015/multi-upload-poc
        * Let me know if we need to discuss next steps

* Mike H
    * Merged Deriva
    * Working 
