2022-05-23 Development Meeting
==============================
Craig, Sara, Tim


Agenda
------
* Updates
* Container registry -- [name=Craig]
    * Sara suggests ghcr.io

Updates
-------
* Craig
    * CSDMS tutorial (TACC network outage)
    * Sloan LOI (accessibility/universal design) finally submitted
    * PR review/testing
        * Folder upload testing now

* Sara

* Tim
    * Working on DOE proposal to fund TRACER.
    * Looking for collaborators at NCSA with access to HPC resources we can try TRACER on.
